hi there!

this is a file which i am using to test out the editor, with writing text. i am hoping to have the editor able to write code and text documents fairly soon. i think the only other things that i really need to implement are:

	- copy-paste

	- the clipboard and cutting functionality

	- fowards and backwards search using the clipboard

	- the shell system


							and most of all 



	- the undo tree functoinality.    (ie, effectively a version control system. lol)





so yeah, once those are implemented, then we are done. so yeah. 


copy paste   is basicallyyyy done          so is the shell system. 

clipboard and forwardsbackwards search is easyyyyy



		its the undo tree thats hard. so yeah. we NEED to do that too. not optional. hm. 

	


so yeah, i am going to try to figure out how to do that now. 

itll be difficult, but i know we can implement it correctly, and make it easy and bug free to use.   yay. 






yeah, just takes some time though,  alot of planning 


and drafting out the right primitives to have in terms of storing changes to the file. 

my current idea is to actuallyyyyyy have it be the case that edits are done one character at a time.

ie, every single edit to the file is character based. very important.  

that way, every single undo tree action is of constant length. 

thats currently the idea. 



			wait!!! i just thought of something!!!






one file     that is the latest 


new created every time 


	unless you tell it you want to use an existing undo tree file   in which it will load that, and start from there!



			ie, we give a file name, and we just start traversing  or appening to that file. 

				only redo/undo    reads from the file.   all other operations just append. an entry to the file, no matter the action. 



					yeah this is good 



	yusss



and we can just hardcode the filepath?      orrrr 
idk 
 maybe make it a runtime flag and argument we pass in, actually. yeah. lets do that .


or if you just pass in two files,  

with a -undotree in the middle.

	yeah, i think this is the way forwards.   cool beans. nice. yay. 




so yeah that shoulddd work. yay. 




also i want to put back the arrow keys, becase occassionally i use them?


idk... hmm

i  don't want to make this thing modal though. idk. we'll figure out that stuff later. thats the easy stuff


undo tree is the hard stuff 

lets figure that out first. 












okay actually so i like the undo tree file being able to be specified

	thats great 

	because thats out usage anyways, most of the time,

		but the problem is 



						our insert and delete functions are actually not based on characters, 


						they insert and delete arbitrary length strings. 

						which..

						makes this especially difficult. 


				hm. 


				so i doubt that the file will truly be able to be indexable, simply. 


	i think we will actually need to 