1202406064.233014
	hiii!

	i am writing this using the new canonical mode text editor, that is kinda similar to ed in some ways, 

		its actually really usable so far, and i havent seen it crash at all, so far, which is why i am writing this in it lol


			but yeah, currently,    


			just like this after noon,        i realized that i coulddd   possiblyyyyyy


			build the programming language (at least the interpreted portion of it!) (ie the compiletime system)

				into the editor!!!   and make the editing language    THE LANGUAGE ITSELF 


											like, the programming language /  assembly language   itelf

					basically, we can partially merge these projects lol 


						anddddd


								actually, more generally,    this thing is actually more like a shell, 


								which just so happens to be able to edit files lol.   which is pretty interseting 


			and while you are editing text,  you are actually basically writing shell/programming language     commands/directives lol


				which is pretty insane to think about lol 



						like,             it really does question the whole distinction between a shell and an editor, honestly, 

				they really should be the same entity


										and thus       programmaatically manipulating text    



									should be like a core primitive, i think. 





			hm
					yeah
								i really do feel like this is the way forwards.. 



						we just have to be careful-   becase like, we can very easily destroy the file if we arent careful lolol 



			luckily, we will using using the undo tree system a ton to prevent bad mistakes, but yet. still. 



anyways


lets try inserting this text now lol 


into the document 




okay cool it looks like this actually really works!!


		i think i am just going to implement    cut  /    replacement       real quick, and then im going to try to code something up using this editor, and keep in mind the usecases of where a programming language functioaltiy could be useful if it was in the editor as commandssss   just like the editing commands  too 



		so yeah, we'll do that now lol 



talk to you again soon!


dwrr

