hi there!
this my cool file
its for testing my editor,
mainly. lol. its pretty fun
to use. this is my cool text editor lol.
i like this editor  alot, actually.

its actually quite easy to use! nice. yay.

okay lol. yay. 

hello there, 
this is my cool thingy lol.

	okay, so it finally seems like i figured it out lol. nice. lol... yay! okay now, i want to see what it looks like for the border to get maxed out when we make a line that is too long lol. it seems like its doing okay so far lol. hmm. okay cool lol. yay. hello there from space lol.




okay, now i am going to try to make tis thing generate a text file!

	nice! okay,i think it did acutally! wow!

		i think this is working quite well actually!


			okay



		this is some text that has tabs in it!!!

			lots of tabs!!! yay!!!





			alright, lets try that again lol. i think this is going to work now, lol. yay!

			this is quite cool, honestly. lol. yay! 

		its really seemless. you don't even really know that its happening lol. i like it alot. yay! so cool actuallyyyyyyyy wow lol.




okay

now


we are going to 




start 
yyyyy
typing after
aht
the page
break
and we are 
going to
see if we
can reach
the hello
to there from space. nice.
hello nice. yay.
okay cool. okay, so it seems like 
typing text actually does work at the end
of the document, its just... it doesnt quiteeee work
because like, we still have one more line to go, basically.
or like, the origin doesnt shift when we press enter, basically.
its kinda stupid lol. i feel like there should be an easy fix to this. we are 
implementing it in a really cool way though lol. yay. 
i really like this version of the editor though. its literally so cool. yay! very happy with it. 









yeah, typing actual characers always fixes it, but its definitely something that i need tofix though. anyways. 
lets solve this problem later i think lol. yay. 


hello?

this is going to be my first autosave here,
i think. i am going to try to press about 100 characters.
basically, its based on the number of key presses that you actually do.

it will first generate an autosave file after a set number of inserts, and then, it will overwrite that autosavefile, after each subsequent autosave. so yeah. and then, it alsoooo saves the file regularly after each autosave.

	and so like, this type of editor, should be perfectly enough nonvolatile-ness for our purposes. if we somehow were to crash, we would still have the filecontent, and we would alsoooo have a backup version of the file too. and like, the number of autosave files that we actually have is still like not that much. so everything works really well!  amazing. i am acually so happy that we managed to implment the whole editor like this. nonvolatileness, at essentially no cost!!! amazing. i love it so much. YAYYYYY


	anyways. i think this is basicallyyyyy usable now, we just need to implement the memory-only undo system, and then we should be perfectly fine, and can start the process of writing code with this thing lol. yay! thats actually so cool lol. YAYYYYYYYYY i love this so much!!! yayyy yayy yayyy yayy lol


but yeah, that one bug where the cursor isnt visible when we move down on the last line... that is a littleeeee bit annoying lol. but i mean, as soon as you type more text, it fixes itself, so i don't think its actually that much of a problem lol... i mean. yeah. if i find a simple solution ill fix it, but idon't think its that much of an issue for me, honestly. yay. okay lets do the undotree system now! yay i wrote this on 202403015.192023

gosh this works so well lol

okay lets see if this works 

i just tried to paste some text, and got this weird bug actually where the origin was changingggg   kinda weird lol. idk  its probably fine though idk 


 




























